Let me show you the code.
Remember when I said The Poll Loop is wrong for most systems?
Here is the proof.
Here's the equivalent Java implementation.
Here's a RobustConsumer class in java that monitors server health with periodic checks Here's the equivalent Java implementation.
Here's a RobustConsumer class in java that monitors server health with periodic checks.
The RobustConsumer method is where the action happens.
First, we import the org.apache.kafka.clients.consumer.* module.
Now we insert the key-value pair into our map.
Here we insert the key-value pair into our map.
At this point, we apply the @Override decorator.
This is where we iterate through each element.
we call processOrder() to handle the operation — because the order matters for our algorithm to work correctly.